which animals kill the greatest number of
people the following figures usually
be a surprise the number 1 will make you
keep your mouth open with 20 sharks
the last place is certainly a surprise
because the shark is so bad
reputation thanks to movies about
they are hard to believe that only 10
people die from shark attacks
to the year 19 leopards 15 people die
annually because of leopards
especially in India 18 horses
the horses are the cause of 20
deaths of people per year although the
most of them are really
accidents in rodeos and other events
17 cows are usually quite
harmless but immensely powerful
you only have to kick just once to
that a human dies as a result of
this injury 16 ants the ants of
fire are especially dangerous 30
people are victims of these every year
in the worst of circumstances they suffer
anaphylactic shock 15 spiders other
little surprise since most of
we think that this number is
much higher around 50
people die every year as a result
of spider bites 14 bees just
a bit above the previous ones a
average of 53 annual deaths are
caused by bees the main reason
here is the allergic crisis caused by
the stings 13 tigers close to 100
people die every year after being
attacked by tigers it is very likely that
be the fault of the same human in these
cases for causing the animal 12 deer
death by deer is not caused by
the timid animals themselves but for
traffic accidents related
with them around 120 people
they die this way every year 11
Caution jellyfish in the ocean near
150 people die every year because of
jellyfish the smallest of them are usually
be the most dangerous
ten elephants around 500 people
die because of elephants the most
of the times people are trampled
to death for these colossal animals 9
crocodiles the crocodiles snatch the
double of victims every year around
one thousand eight you had these parasites
unpleasant are lodged in the body and
can go unnoticed by up to 20
years as a result two thousand people
7 scorpions die every year as
we know thanks to the films of
indiana jones the scorpions more
small are the most dangerous of them
complete a figure of around 5000
victims per year
vinchucas las vinchucas not really
They are dangerous in themselves but
can transmit diseases
dangerous and cause around 10,000
deaths every year 5 flies setse almost with
the same number of victims around
10 thousand the tsets fly is transmitted a
sleep disorder this may not be
mortal until months or years after the
four dogs transmission
another surprise 25 thousand deaths a year are
caused by dogs leaving the surprise
aside only 186 deaths can be
attributed to aggressive pet dogs
the rest is caused by dogs
street that can transmit rage
for example 3 snakes the number
exact deaths caused by
snakes is not yet definite oscillates
between 50,000 and 100,000 victims who
die as a result of bites
poisonous
mosquitoes 725 thousand deaths a year are
caused by mosquito bites and
the diseases that they transmit from these
600,000 alone are victims of
malaria 1 humans the most
deadly of all animals are
ourselves humans this
it is not necessarily shown in figures
since it is very difficult to keep a record
but they are in the range of half a million
and while animals usually kill
by accident or kill to survive the
human being is the only species that kills
to their peers on the subject of many
different ways
every day there are furious wars
constantly and the desire to profit
destroys the dreams of all life the
civilization snatches victims through
of accidents and many other things this
sad first place gives a lot for
reflect
that's all people do not leave without
comment